Congratulations on completing
the first section
of this course!
Let's quickly review what we've
covered so far, before moving on.
We defined security and introduced
the benefits of implementing
security in an organization.
Then, we discussed different
job responsibilities,
such as managing threats
and installing
prevention software.
We also introduced some
important core skills,
like collaboration and
computer forensics.
We finished by discussing
the value of security
and how it supports critical
business functions.
I hope you've gained a greater
understanding of security.
If you feel like you need a
refresher before moving on,
you can always go
back and review
any content you're unsure about.
By learning the basics,
you are laying the
foundation for
the rest of your
security career.
Coming up, we'll explore
some well-known attacks that
shaped the security industry.
I'm excited to continue
this journey with you!